Add basic scheduler docs (#33)
djangsters/redis-tasks: docs/source/scheduler.rst

Scheduler
=========

> ``redis-tasks`` provides developers with an built-in task scheduler.

Author: This word ships makes the word built-in redundant

> ``redis-tasks`` provides developers with an built-in task scheduler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``redis-tasks`` provides developers with a built-in task scheduler.

```

A schedule is defined as a setting ``RT_SCHEDULE``, which is a dict of the
structure ``id`` -> ``entry``. An ``entry`` itself is a dict with the
following keys:

> - ``task``: Import path of the function to be run, e.g. ``mymodule.myfunc``

Reviewer 2: I agree with @i-trofimtschuk  that we can reference the API here somehow. Or I rather would include a full fledged example here.

- ``schedule``: Schedule for this task (see below)
- ``args``: args for the task function (optional)
- ``kwargs``: kwargs for the task function (optional)
- ``singleton``: Boolean to specify whether this task should not be on the queue
    multiple times (optional, defaults to ``True``)
- ``queue``: Queue to put this task on (optional, defaults to
    ``RT_SCHEDULER_QUEUE``)

> ``schedule`` for a task can be represented in multiple ways:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can ``schedule`` a task in a number of ways:

```

Author: ``schedule`` is a dict key, making it a verb is fun, but confusing

> 1. as a crontab, for example to run a task every Monday you would set::

Reviewer 2: hmm I am confused by the number points (they make me think I need to follow some steps). We could use mini title instead.

Reviewer: make unnumbered list

>     "schedule": redis_tasks.crontab("0 0 * * 1")

Reviewer 2: I am still wondering if we should include `RT_SCHEDULER_QUEUE ` inside the examples here.

Author: What exactly do you mean? It is just a string from the scheduler standpoint

2. as a periodic schedule defined with ``redis_tasks.run_every()``, which
    accepts the following keyword-only arguments:

    - ``hours``
    - ``minutes``
    - ``seconds``
    - ``start_at``: a string in the format <hours>:<minutes>

>     For example if you want your task run every 6 hours starting at 5:00 every

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    For instance if you want your task run every 6 hours starting at 5:00 every

```
